# 2026-02-27 — Session 10


## I. Iskra

- Iskra asks for a meeting with Tiago to discuss visiting the distribution center (having 2nd thoughts)
	- essentially seeking tacit approval of this action by expecting him to ignore the request

---

## II. Lucien

- Lucien sends telegram to Goddard (old campaign friend) requesting favor:

  > My dearest Goddard,
  >
  > Secret and important and dire. Miss you and our time in Nazara. Aid of one of trusted scouts (Remi or Roland) to join me in Pasoro. Here's coordinates, they need to keep watch for comings and goings and report to me. Bring hawk. Must be so careful.

---

## III. Lautaro

- Lautaro writes Fausto a note requesting his assistance in getting his sister, Yachay, transported in from Jaceledo

---

## IV. Oriane

- Antonio replies to Oriane
	- talks up her career moves
	- informs her that when it comes to the 8 million Mk she has requested, she needs to send the contract to Purstogne

- Oriane decides to alter the contract to 12 million
	- she forges it extremely well [**NAT 20**]
	- leaves it denoting herself (rather than Purstogne) as the investor & owner
	- and sends it off to Purstogne's legal department

- She tells Matilda the deal is all but done, ironclad
	- 8 million marks, yes, hoping to break ground by fall
	- Oriane inquires whether more money (perhaps 10 million), could move the timeline up
		- Matilda seems interested and agrees that could likely be done

---

## V. Lucien

- Lucien receives a very timely reply from Goddard:
  - misses him too, sincere well wishes
  - Roland is dead
  - Remi was found to be gay (!) and discharged from the armed forces
  - Marcsonse, though, will be there soon

- Also a message from his sister Marguerite:
  - Has been working and discussing what should be done.
  - Lucien's letters are not detailed enough — "let me know if you need a template to help you"
  - There's options — but is Pasoran gov't amenable? Violent? Commie? Should Purstogne be willing to work with them?

- Lucien, displeased with Marguerite's condescending message, yells for François to get 2 horses and his rifle
	- Pasoran military technology _does_ include horses!
	- but there aren't any around

---

## VI. Olaf, Fausto

- Olaf gets a message from Gretel who obviously misses him as a likeminded coworker, but is able to facilitate the transmission data (some of it at least) to assist him as he previously requested

- Anya has been up all night; Olaf sends her to bed.

- Olaf goes up to see Fausto
  - shows him the pair of original & censored inventory manifest documents that he received from Geraldo
  - He expresses sincere concern regarding this practice
  - Additionally, he feels the data itself may be of use to the ecologically-concerned members at the table
	  - > I'm not a chemist, I care about the data, but this might be helpful to you and Lautaro and Iskra.

- Fausto, in looking at the inventory, notes that "litari" sounds close to litanol, a chemical used in arcane weapons ~15 years ago
  - This further confirms the idea that dolnton is only useful in combo with other chemicals.

- Olaf tells him he's trying with Gazpacho, only getting crumbs, any help would be so important.
  - *"Little bits of data can be very illuminating."*

- Olaf sincerely pleads that he wants to be helpful with Dolnton / Jaceledo / all of it, so he and Fausto should help each other.

- Olaf and Fausto share a morning liquor shot before going their separate ways

---

## VII. Amerilynn

- Amerilynn gets a quick tele-note from Jebanescence just saying her machinations are excellent.

---

## VIII. Iskra

- Iskra, in the night, notices her hand injury from collecting the purple residue sample is worsening slightly
	- The sample in the vial has also dimmed somewhat
- She returns to perusing the stolen shipping manifest
  - Notices that Dauschtam has been sending very large amounts fairly frequently for months
  - All of the shipments occur after the end of the war/installation of new government.

- Iskra has been fretting about the visit, but no answer from Tiago (as she expected/hoped)

---

## IX. Lautaro

- Lautaro does not see a telegram from his father.
  - Goes down into the common areas to start the day.

---

## X. Fausto

- Fausto goes to see Eli.
  - Eli is in a hushed "argument" with Erico and Christavo.
  - Fausto tries to listen a little but they notice him and stop.
    - Christavo → indifferent
    - Erico → scorn
    - Eli → trusting welcome
  - Fausto: *"I have a couple items for you"* [resolutely ignoring Erico's scornful looks]

- Christavo + Erico leave and Fausto makes a briefing.
  - Fausto asks about Lautaro's sister.
    - *"She is free to come, we can pay for her train"*
  - Eli **strongly** highlights that Is-Rüpü family is **always** welcome
    - > They are important to our mission, please ensure Lautaro understands this — Eli

- Fausto requests more access for Olaf.
  - Eli dismisses the importance of all of this, but Fausto's earnest concern that Olaf is able to do his work leads Eli to makes himself care.
  - He says he'll talk to Tiago and try to make it happen for Olaf.

---

## XI. Fausto, Lautaro, Iskra

- Iskra discloses she sent a meeting request to Tiago → no response

- They agree on their plan →
  - approach cautiously, not trying to do all that much that is sneaky or unauthorized
  - *'just get eyes on it'*

- The three walk away from the palace grounds
  - Fausto notes that the guards observe them leaving, but does not notice anyone actively tailing them
  - Chat about Olaf, and the other FCO'ers, but soon arrive at the distribution center

- SHORELINE
- RAILWAYS EMBEDDED IN HILLS ON SHORE
- GONDOLAS PICKING UP CARGO
- MASSIVE BUILDING
- SO MANY PEOPLE

We learn:
- Essentially lines running north and south 
	- North-bound (Jaceledo) going out
	- South-bound (Taliri) going out
- Also trains coming in from both directions

- Lautaro works his way over to a Jaceledan-bound train being loaded, with Iskra accompanying
	- The Jaceledan worker has worked there 4 to 5 years, since before the war
	- He is VERY forthcoming about the fact they transport dolnton. That and foodstuff. Indeed, they can see _many_ steel drums of dolnton, clearly labeled.
	  - He's fine with dolnton, and doesn't bear any visible signs of harm from it.
	  - He dunks Iskra's hand into the dolnton vat! to prove his point
		    - \* a grayish sludge coats her hand.
	  - He says it's the only mineral they transport and it's for mining.


---

## XII. Amerilynn

- Amerilynn asks guards for info on who has been coming and going, but gets receives basic/useless info
 - She is still trying to find where to get an Arlandicano
	  - The guard directs her to the on-premise bar, The Closet, and they snicker at her so she notes their face
	  - She goes there anyway, and gets... the closest one yet. But it's made with olive oil instead of margarine
- 2 hours later, she tries again to get any info of use from the guards, but they again prove unhelpful

- Amerilynn then goes to attempt sneaking into Lucien's room. Jean (Lucien's cousin & assistant) is there but he gets on with her quite well.
	- She makes a sexual pass at Jean, which is well received
  - Amerilynn asks when they can meet up.
    - *"In 9 hours, 'til then I must protect Lucien's space"*
  - But he's in it, he invites her in and invites her to sit at a table nook

- Jean grabs an already-open bottle of wine and pours a couple glasses
- Amerilynn notes Lucien has papers and notes on his desk.

- Jean tells her he's a 4th son working his way up. Working for Lucien is a very good job, but he wants to be an entrepreneur.

- Amerilynn asks if Lucien is upstanding / solid → Jean exhalts the Vespierre family overall
  - \* Lucien is not the strongest or most important but he is a Vespierre and therefore based
  - He speaks more highly of the station and standing of Marguerite & Ricard

- Jean says he is proud to protect Lucien's room and possessions, especially his **jewelry**
  - Amerilynn expresses interest in jewelry and Jean shows her "look but not touch"

- Amerilynn flatters him some more, while he continues to imbibe and inevitably has to use the bathroom
	- She takes this time to snoop a bit and reads Lucien's correspondence with Goddard (only Goddard's response, rather that the original message from Lucien w/ the coordinates of the Saquiero family's detention estate)
	- She notes the contents — namely that Goddard will have Marcsonse sent to the coordinates tomorrow 
- Jean comes back, none the wiser.
