
# Session 7 - January 15, 2016

## I. Fausto's Meeting with Eli
**Location:** Eli's Office — 3^rd^ Floor, West Wing

Eli looks harried and sleep-deprived. Greasy, hasn't slept.

Invites Fausto to sit in front of his desk

Asks about Amerilynn - "what was the business with her?"

Fausto tells him about her efforts to get a schedule of the guards from the main wing, but returned it.

Eli thanks him for the info but instructs to **keep eyes** on her.

Best if she does not know how unhappy with her.

"I will handle the soldiers, you will handle watching her, and we will get through this."

Eli asks about the rest of them (are they good people?)

Fausto keeps it vague, but when pressed... still keeps it vague.

Eli knows Fausto is being not forthcoming.

Fausto raises the idea of the members caring about environmental regulations, and that some of the FCO members seem to have had difficulty getting through to the triumvirate about their various concerns.

Eli assures him that despite "difficulties" they have the full backing of the Environmental Commission in Dauschtam.

Eli is almost incredulous that an ECO person would have these concerns.

This incredulousness/resentment/shock seems sincere about these concerns existing.

Fausto raises the use of **dolnton**.

Eli apologizes for the weird way he has discovered this information, but reiterates that
> Dauschtam is completely on board with their processes

He says he will contact them and clear it up.

**Last word:**
> You must let me know what these 'snakes in the den' are up to. Ms. New Arlandia is clearly a spy. ●

## II. Lautaro's Morning Visit, or _Homage to Jaceledo_

Lautaro responds to telegram then talks to Diego

Lautaro sends a reply to his father and goes to get breakfast. He runs into Diego & several hangers-on in the hall.

Diego makes the guy next to him move to the end of the table to make room for Lautaro

Lautaro & Diego speak fondly with each other about the intensity and magnificence of life and their masculinity

After some time of this, Lautaro pulls Diego away from the table to discuss man-to-man his concerns regarding mining, environmental regulation, and the use of dolnton in his homeland.

Diego appears receptive to Lautaro's concerns, but states that this is clearly up to the will of Lautaro's community (_i.e._ his father, Nawel). There is some implication here that Nawel is not unaware of this, and has _already_ approved it.

While departing, Lautaro tosses a stone without warning from his pocket into the air for Diego to catch — a Jaceledan test of reflexes which Diego passes with style [complete with anime sound]

## III. Olaf's Descent, or _The Unbearable Heaviness of Inspecting_
**Location:** 5^th^ basement level

The basement is bare stone and candlelit, with water encroachment.
Olaf hears a faint noise: Anya is carrying a huge stack of papers, and struggling → both keep going.

### Room 051
Olaf and Anya enter to find Gazpacho:
> I'm so happy you've come down to see in person the comptographic excellence we have here
> 
> ... maybe not be as advanced as you are used to, but ...

Olaf looks at the machines — they look junky, old, _exceedingly_ poor cable management

**NOT A 1^st^ WORLD SET UP**, non-standard, SURPRISING they can even send

Olaf prompts Gazpacho: how they can advance?

Gazpacho: mostly about how many crops to plant, this is possible this year.

Difficult to find good technicians, no university programs.

Both agree that Tiago wastes time (Gazpacho: "he's a difficult man").

Vallozi is more advanced than Pasoro.

Transmission = not as strong as it is in Dauschtam. Equipment cables connect to the satellites on Mt. Polonia and broadcast to the nearest landmass (unideal)

Olaf's list to give recommendations:
- stable transmission
- data integrity — big challenge in Pasoro
	- how do you know the data is accurate?

Gazpacho tries to bullshit, but Olaf sees through him.

Olaf: If we find this data is inaccurate, it will come down on Tiago.

Gazpacho urges him again not to worry.

Olaf says as long as there are mistakes - _sincere mistakes_ - that's ok, we can work to fix them.

But Tiago is blocking access to the data for vetting.

Olaf makes a [nat 19] bid to check the data, but Gazpacho [NAT 20 😭] resists and counters with allowing access on a platform for checking (in encrypted form).

Olaf shares a warm goodbye with Gazpacho, leaving Olaf & Anya to work.

Olaf assigns Anya to audit the metadata — times, frequency, volume. Specifically who added things & when, with attention to any spikes in communications with the Import/Export Office.


## IV. Iskra About Town, or _Octavio, the Revolutionary_

### Lucia & "The People's Library"

Iskra is out on the town to investigate out of moral concern, but feels anxiety about being "naughty" working outside of formal channels.

Looking for media outlets, uses her ideas about it to locate a place: goes into an alley piazza where comic/dirty banners are and a drum circle is going

Finds here presence of countercultural & left wing movements:
- "The People's Library"
- Anarchist banners
- Nihilist banners

**Takes sample of purple substance [magical residue] from doorway**
But as she does it, it burns and hurts her thumb, eating away a strip of flesh and leaving a normal scar (not purple, no residue)

**Visits drum circle**
Walks up rigidly but trying to look cool. Looks like a stiff but okay

Meets a woman, Lucia. All up close to her with big arm handshake:
> Welcome sister, welcome to the library of the proletariat. So glad you came today

Iskra: "We're honest?" Lucia agrees. Iskra says she is from FCO and Lucia recoils a bit.

But Iskra states her mission ("all families need a father"), prompting Lucia to state that's a bad, patriarchal concept.

Iskra forges ahead and raises the topic of the mining chemical, dolnton.

Lucia says they hope to end all mining, but the balance of utility/ideology balance is confusing.

Iskra asks for comprehensive info. Lucia guides her to an open outdoor bookshelf while explaining their mission to bring literature/education to the people.

The bookshelf is full of old/worthless/irrelevant literature
- James Green & the Woman in Blue
- James Green & the Strange Device
- The Economic Manuscripts

Iskra asks if they actually write anything — particularly environmental writings/newsletters/books. This prompts Lucia to patronizingly direct Iskra to three long-haired men

**tarbash:** popular smokest mild narcotic

### Iskra Meets Octavio

"Uhhh ... what's ... what's the question ..., madam?"

Iskra introduces herself as an FCO member and raises her question regarding environmental concerns & relevant literature

Octavio replies that "Representatives of the FCO are possibly the worst [environmental offenders] of all of them, pillagers"

Iskra jokingly soft agrees, asks for specifics repeatedly, but Octavio has little real info:
- He mentions labor injustice in mining
- RE: chemicals — all the chemicals are damaging to... everyone who breathes them
- _Do they know any miners?_
The miners are pretty much all in Jaceledo. They know some of them... [_Who?_]
- _Any contact info?_
No
- _Any specific info on effects?_
No, but it's worse on 'the soil' than anything else.

**One actual nugget of information from Octavio:**
> **Whenever they unload them in [the port of] Eau-Carife, it's the Jaceledans who truly suffer ●**

As she's leaving, Iskra checks again just for good measure:
_Any more books? ..._
- Joe Green & the Beautiful Widow ☠️


## V. Amerilynn and Oriane's Innocent Morning Stroll, or _You Can Always Join Me in the Castle_

Amerilynn to Oriane:
_Are you armed?_ No

Amerilynn has some very "New Arlandian" ideas for their morning:
- get some margarine coffee
- find a gun store to get Oriane a weapon

Oriane suspects Amerilynn is a little unwell but overlooks this due to Amerilynn's status (she is a big deal)

### Goal #1 → Coffee, New Arlandian style

They find a café but just normal

Gun talk. Amerilynn has a small pink pistol.

Amerilynn fantasizes about shooting Arianabelle instead of getting slapped. And Jevanescence fucks her.

They go look for a gun store.

_New Arlandians often say "Arlandia" with no adjective as a reactionary flex_

### Goal #2 → The Gun Store

They see a store. 13 year old in front, armed.

Amerilynn approaches to ask about guns, he references selling "smock" which Amerilynn buys... it's drugs. She puts it in her bag.

Oriane wants to give up on the gun dream, there is tension there between them but Oriane wants to just relax and go to cafe.

Amerilynn asks how much for the pistol → $1,000!!

Amerilynn sees he's an addict. Tries to offer $40.

He pulls a shady gun.

Amerilynn: "How long you gonna be here?"

But Amerilynn does not want to spend ALL her money, wants to get some with Oriane.

Amerilynn → maybe Lucien will "sponsor us"

Oriane recalls the offer of Matilda's investment plan (8 million)

### Back to HQ

Amerilynn backs off softly on the gun plan, thinking about Jevenescence's approval.

Oriane wants luxury, but has no real money. Strolling through the city looking for high end stores, she notices
-- "the People's Library" –

## VI. Lucien, or _The Honourable Swordsman_

### Erico Departs
Following the conclusion of their breakfast [Session 6], Erico leaves, in a power move, with the idea that his guy(s) will take Lucien to the royal family

Lucien goes back to his room to prepare a report to his bosses:
- Preston Boyle
- Family (mother/father/cousin)
	- especially Ricard (sp?) [2^nd^ cousin]
	- also Leopold [uncle, older patriarch]
	- Philippe [father]

### Lucien's Letter Home
Lucien writes the following letter to:
- Marguerite [sister]
- Ricard [2^nd^ cousin]
- Leopold [older uncle]

> **To my honored family advisors,**
> 
> Morning of first day, I secured a meeting with top leadership to facilitate a meeting with the royal family ASAP (today).
> 
> I will prep a report on the royal family's status, treatment, and plans for post-coup d'état reintegration.
> 
> With soonest regards,
> _— Lucien_

Has a couple hours before Erico's men will get him.

He utilizes Jean and François, choosing one to wait in the room for Erico's emissary, and one to come with him for sparring "practice"
- François is the worse swordsman, so Lucien wants to spar with him so he can look better.

### Sparring with Swords

Lautaro is watching among others.  
So is Diego.

François gets the better of Lucien, but clumsily 'throws' the match in a deferential move to preserve Lucien's image, but he's not a good actor.

Lucien laughs loudly.

François tries to play it off, and Lucien leans in close:
> You tried, but many are watching!!"

[with a harsh thrust, returns the sword]
> This one is very good, you'll go right to the front lines with that!!

### Sparring with Words

_A man with a speaking in deep, dulcet tones and a strong accent approaches..._
> We'd be happy to have a man like that on the front lines, and happy to have a man like you who notice such sycophancy in our leadership!  

    ( It's Diego 🔥 )

In response, Lucien mockingly inquires: they just won the war — do they really need _more_ help for burning women & children?

Diego is unfazed and sympathetically replies that yes, they both bear the burden of being commanders at heart.

Lucien brings up commanders' responsibility to their prisoners.

Diego speaks ideologically on the topic, concluding:
> **They are my family despite their sins.**

He then asks Lucien if he knows where they are held... to get his 'evidence'

Lucien asks what Diego would do with such information.

Diego states he would "storm into the dungeon myself" and makes a seemingly honest plea that Lucien facilitate a meeting between Diego & his family.

Though not willing/able to promise this, Lucien does tell him, "If a hair on his head is missing you'll be 1^st^ to know."

### Final Messages

In lieu of actually visiting the family, Diego requests that Lucien passes a message to his brother Martín.

Lautaro interjects to bring down the drama, and in camaraderie with Diego asks Lucien to just do it.

**Diego's message to Martín:**
> **The hand of justice can be firm, but it's always fair in the end.**

It sounds melodramatic and a bit sinister, but Lucien agrees.

Lautaro asks Lucien to spar, and defeats him handily in a manner unlike the choreographed, gentlemanly style of swordsmanship to which Lucien is accustomed.

Lautaro tries to resolve things in a brotherly fashion, and asks again for Lucien to do right by Diego.


## VII. Olaf's Final Request

After leaving Anya to her task, Olaf contacts Gretel with his concerns about verifying Pasoran data:
> [ Olaf requests records of & pertaining to Dauschtam's exports to Pasoro ]
> 
> ... If you are unable to, that is alright.
> 
> P.S. The watch is awesome
